# Assignment-3

## Part 1

The linked list is assured to work because the nodes being accessed will be marked and so any other threads operating on the linked list will make sure not to preform any actions that are dependent on those specific nodes. All actions done by the servants are random except in the case where an action cannot be preformed. If the servants had more gifts than thank you cards then it is possible that they attempted to remove parts of the list that weren't there yet still counted their removal. It is also possible that a linked list was not formed correctly and thus nodes were not properly added in a way where the they would be visible in the linked list. Their strategy could be improved by rejecting the use of the linked list and instead grabbing a random gift and then immediately writing a thank you note for that specific gift. It could also be improved by denying the Minotaur's want to check randomly whether a gift is in the list or not. 

## Part 2

I did not finish this part on time for the deadline. The implementation in mind was one in which before moving on to any relatively time consuming operation, the threads would check the amount of time that has passed since the last temperature check. If it is time (with some small epsilon), then they would shift towards getting another temperature reading. If it is not time to get another reading, they would start comparing their temperature readouts to the ones in main memory to store the appropriate highs, lows, and largest temperature intervals. Also, the threads would only try for a short duration to access any lock needed. If a lock cannot be acquired in that time, then they would check the time again before attempting to access the lock again. After the alloted time is finished and their data sorting is finished, the threads would then terminate. Asuming no larger scale issue that causes a thread to crash or otherwise freeze, this should work as the threads should not be committed to any long term action; instead they commit to short actions after which they check the time and either get a new temperature reading or continue sorting data.
